*
What was that?
What?
You nodded. What part?
Alicia.
*
(loud crinkling)
(sighs): Okay.
(exhales):
You hated it.
No, I...
Self-serving?
No, it's, uh...
Bodng.
I'm... sorry.
Go ahead.
It's dry.
Oh, my God, Cary, I spent
two weeks on that speech.
Yeah, and it feels like
you spent two weeks on it.
I have to give
this speech tomorrow.
So rewrite it.
They didn't ask you
because you're an expert
(phone ringing)
on opt-out moms.
They asked you because
you we an opt-out mom.
Clarke, where are you?
In traffic.
BILL DE BLASIO: (on video):
New York is the city
of endless possibilities.
(getting louder):
It's a different adventure
every day and every minute.
Excuse me,
how do I turn this down?
No, no, cars in front.
Cannot turn right.
(video continues loudly)
Sorry. Rayna Hecht called.
She wants to have
the meeting now.
She what?
She wants to have
the meeting rIght now!
Not tonight.
And I'm stuck in traffic.
Uh... Rayna Hecht wants
to meet right now.
What? Why?
Clarke, we're not ready.
We are ready.
Just tell her about the firm.
She doesn't care about our size.
She wants to go someplace
with a future.
She'd down in the lounge.
She's waiting right now.
We got to go.
Cary, listen to me.
She brings a full portfolio
of clients with her.
Over $60 million a year
in billing. We need her.
She is the very definition
of a rainmaker.
What? Clarke...
can you turn
down your TV?
I'm trying, but the mayor
won't stop talking.
But I guarantee you...
(relieved sigh)
Rayna Hecht is a rainmaker.
We need her.
Every firm in Chicago...
(on video):
New York is the city
of endless possibilities.
It's a different adventure...
And he's back.
I can't hear you,
all right? I'm gonna have
to call you back. Bye.
(groans) Why am I
having so much trouble
with this speech?
Look, look, look.
It's the keynote
speech at the ABA,
and you're trying to
impress people. Don't.
They don't want to hear
facts and figures-- they
want to hear your story.
You went from an opt-out mom
to the partner in a law firm
in four years.
That's your speech.
Thanks.
CARY:
There.
Every lawyer is after her.
Great.
Can you believe this?
I'll be honest.
I like you guys. I do.
And I do intend to decide
in the next 48 hours.
But I want a partnership
that I can believe in.
I'm leaving Hartley & Jenner
because of the indictments.
If you're worried about
my suspension a few years ago,
that's past, and I'm
a better lawyer for it.
Good pitch.
Thanks.
Okay, well, let me get
my little ducks in a row,
and we'll talk.
Thank you, Ms. Hecht.
Thank you.
DIANE:
So, you're
a big firm now--
making a presence at the ABA?
CARY: Out shaking
the trees, just like you.
Good luck with the
keynote tomorrow.
Don't let him
get in your head.
Ms. Hecht, hello.
I'm Cary Agos.
Alicia Florrick.
Hey. I'm sorry if
I don't sit down,
but I need to make
a few calls. Um,
why don't we do
this another time?
Good to meet you.
What happened?
We lost our slot.
She'll vet us.
We're good.
No one's unde_r indictment.
Damian.
He's not
under indictment.
Well, we want her.
$60 million in
client billing.
You coming?
Uh, no,
I'll see you later.
(clearing throat)
Lot of lavwers
at this thing, huh?
Do you have a minute?
No.
I can take my time,
Mr. Gardner.
I was on
the Blagojevich case.
We always knew
that sooner or later
the lavwers would talk.
They want to talk;
they need to talk.
They know that
attorney-client privilege
only gets them so far.
Earplugs, please.
The problem you have,
Mr. Gardner,
is that voter fraud is
an ongoing crime,
a conspiracy.
If you're protecting
the governor, you're
just as guilty.
That's why you'll talk.
The governor is
not your friend.
No one-- no judge or
disciplinary body--
will blame you for breaking
attorney-client privilege.
(laughs): You can't freeze
me out, Mr. Gardner.
I'm an agent of the Office
of Public Integrity.
I have
subpoena power.
I'm sorry, I can't hear you.
I'll get on with
Clarke, see if we can
set up another time.
Okay, and I will get on
with Robyn and have her
look into her background.
No, no, no, you go
back to your room and
you work on your speech.
Cary, it'll only
take a_minute...
AllCla...
you're procrastinating.
Go back to your room
and work on your keynote.
Okay? Remember,
personal stories.
Robyn, what are you doing?
*
Just...
write anything down.
(sighs)
Mrs. Alicia Florrick.
Hi. I'm Lorainne Joy.
Thank you for
coming in.
Oh, thank you for
inviting me in, Ms. Joy.
How could I not?
Your name just sort of
popped out at me. (laughs)
Oh, my God,
your husband.
(grunts)
If my husband did that to me...
look, I don't know
what I would do.
Thank you.
No, I know what
I would do.
I would... probably
scratch his eyes out.
(laughs):
That's what I would do.
Oh... you don't need
to give me a rsum.
(sighs)
Just tell me about yourself.
When did you last
practice law?
Well, officially...
(laughs softly)
13 years ago.
But... I helped advise
on a lot of cases.
On your husband's cases?
Yes.
Uh-huh. Well, good.
(inhales)
Listen, here's the
thing... Alicia.
LORAINNE: We don't really have
any positions available
at the moment.
I know--
the position we have
is for starting associate.
Oh, well, I'm...
I'm open for that.
No. That wouldn't
really be appropriate.
You know, we make a big play
for the Ivy League pool
for that, so...
(typing)
(elevator bell dings)
(indistinct chatter nearby)
(indistinct chatter continues)
Alicia Florrick.
When can you start?
What? When can I...
start work?
Yes. You want to work here?
I do. Uh, um, now.
I'm... Tomorrow,
if you'd like.
Good. Uh, come on back in,
and I'll assign you a desk.
(exhales)
(elevator bell dings)
(quietly):
Yeah!
Mm.
(clears throat softly)
*
WOMAN:
It doesn't officially show
till Wednesday.
ALICIA:
How much?
Well, I warned you you'd
fall in love with it.
It's not really in your range.
I have a job now.
My range has changed.
How many rooms?
Three. Two baths and a maid's.
*
I love the light.
The windows are great.
I have a three-
bedroom on 5th.
It's half this rent.
I like this.
ALICIA:
I'm... I'm sorry. What?
It's a paralegal job.
Mr. Acocella, I'm sorry, but...
I... H thought
it was an associate position.
Yes, I know,
but it's
more of an internship.
Mr. Acocella, I made plans
based on that understanding.
I made... financial outlays...
I'm sorry.
I... told the partners.
They were worried
about your last name.
They don't want you
here as an associate.
I need a paycheck.
I'm sorry.
(elevator bell dings)
(quiet sobbing)
(groans)
(sniffles, exhales)
(panï¬ng)
(exhales, sniffles)
(auto-dialing)
Marina, it's Alicia.
The apartment...
Is there any way
to get out of the lease?
(sighs)
(elevator bell dings)
(ringtone plays)
(clears throat)
Hello.
Yeah. Uh, I-I forgot.
I'll be right down.
What is the key to litigation?
What is it?
Who was that man
by the elevator?
What man?
Have we stopped
trusting each other?
Nelson Dubeck.
Office of Public Integrity.
They're pursuing
a case against...
the governor.
The ballot box?
Why you and not me?
There's a
surveillance tape.
Smoking gun. I took it
to Peter Florrick.
What are you going to do?
Unfortunately,
Mr. Pling
couldn't make it
because of the hurricane
I don't know.
but another litigator
has agreed to step in.
Please welcome a new voice
to this ABA meeting,
Elizabeth, uh... Elsbeth
Tascioni.
Hi!
(chuckles)
Oh...
(applause)
ELSBETH:
Sorry.
Hello. Whoa.
(chuckles)
Okay.
Okay. Um,
what is my approach...
to litigation?
Well...
No. Will, no.
Okay... (clears throat)
Sorry. I want everybody
to close
their eyes and picture a pillow,
a big pillow,
the size
of this room, and you're lying
in the middle of it.
Now, take off
your shoes.
MAN:
Then I'll give
a brief introduction,
and you'll enter
from that wing over there.
ALICIA:
You sure there'll be
this many people?
Oh, yes. We've had great
interest in your keynote.
Now, is there anything
you'll need tomorrow?
A speech.
(chuckles)
No, I meant... bottled water?
CARY:
Alicia.
We have a reprieve
with Rayna Hecht.
It's Clarke.
Hello? Mr. Hayden?
I can't hear you.
(video playing loudly)
Alicia? Hello?
BILL DE BLASIO: If fashion's
your thing, you'll find
the best shopping in the world,
SoHo, Chelsea,
Greenwich Village...
How's that?
Better.
I just talked with Rayna Hecht.
She wanted to apologize
for her abruptness.
She didn't know you were you.
I was me? _
The governor's Wife.
She's coming to your keynote.
She can't wait to hear
what you'll say.
The speech.
Did he tell you
that the speech matters?
You need to do a good job
with your keynote.
She wants to wait
to decide whether to meet
until after the keynote.
And that's the most
I've ever said "keynote"
in my entire life.
So how's the
speech coming?
Alicia? Hello?
Clarke?
Where are you?
Okay, Clarke,
I-I can't hear.
Where are you?
(elevator bell dings)
Hey.
(chuckles)
Alicia Florrick.
I haven't seen you
since Georgetown.
Another life ago.
You work here?
In this building? No.
On Madison. What about you?
I just got a job.
You did? Really? Where?
Wells & Brolin.
That's a good firm.
Congratulations.
Thanks.
Nice shoes.
A baby threw up on my shoes.
Ah.
(elevator bell dings)
You going to the garage?
Yes. You?
Uh, deposition.
It was nice seeing you.
And, hey, uh...
I'm sorry about all that crap
with your husband.
Thanks. It'll die down.
It will.
(elevator bell dings)
Call me sometime.
Stern, Lockhart
& Gardner.
Hey. You got top billing.
Mm, I'm an impressive person.
I never doubted it for a minute.
It was good seeing you.
You, too.
(clicks tongue)
(sighs)
(chuckles)
Oh, thank you so much.
I love bears.
(camera shutter sound effect)
(chuckles)
Um, can I just
have one hug? Okay?
You dirty Jew.
Excuse me?
You dirty stinking Jew.
Did you just call me
a dirty stinking Jew?
What, are you deaf?
Oh, my God.
Elsbeth, thanks
for meeting me out here.
There's too many lavwers
at the hotel.
Did you hear that? That bear
just called me a dirty Jew.
What?
That bear there.
He said I was a dirty stinking
Jew. Watch out! That bear is...
anti-Semitic!
Elsbeth, look,
ab-about my situation.
I've been subpoenaed
by Nelson Dubeck,
the Office of Public Integrity,
and he's using it to pressure me
to get to Peter Florrick.
But it would mean breaking
attorney-client privilege.
Right.
If you testify against Governor
Florrick, you risk disbarment.
But if you don't,
you risk contempt of court.
Right.
Notgood.
It's that one percent
doctrine.
Hey, watch out for that bear!
The what?
One percent.
If you're even one percent
vulnerable, you're vulnerable.
Who got you this video?
Kalinda.
Good. Good.
I'll call her. I like Kalinda.
Hey. Are you with that bear?
Because I think someone needs
to talk to him.
S-So you'll represent me
on this?
This Dubeck guy,
he's at the hotel?
Yes.
Good. Okay,
yes. Okay.
I'm feeling a bit vulnerable,
but I'm gonna use it.
(phone rings)
Yeah.
Kalinda, it's Will.
How are things there?
MAN: Pass it here.
Uh... yeah, they're fine.
Things are different
when the lawyers are gone.
Kalinda, we need your help
on something. This is Elsbeth.
Kalinda.
Kalinda, hi. Oh, I miss you.
I miss you, too, Elsbeth.
Can you look into someone
named Nelson Dubeck?
He's with the Office
of Public Integrity.
Anything you can find,
dirt or past arrests.
Maybe he has a drinking problem.
I am not a dirty stinking Jew!
(piano playing
"Someone to Watch Over Me")
ALICIA:
Is there any way...
(sighs)
to delay the lease?
Okay.
N0, I'll...
I'll figure something out.
You can always
live with me.
Oh. Thank you
so much, Jackie.
But this is_ _
a good school district.
You don't need to worry
about a good school district.
CARY:
Hold on. Alicia's here.
Okay, give
us a minute.
That was Robyn. She has
an instinct on Rayna Hecht.
How's the speech going?
Mr. Hayden,
you got out of your taxi.
Yes, I decided to walk.
It was only 15 blocks.
CARY:
So,
Robyn thinks
Hecht isn't leaving
her firm because
of the indictments. Or just
because of the indictments.
VVhatthen?
The firm has ten senior partners
and Hecht was the only woman.
A boys' club.
So she probably
wants a more
woman-friendly firm.
Okay.
So just...
just play up the feminism angle
in your keynote.
Frame your story as one
of female empowerment.
Okay. Thanks.
I need to, um... write.
And I've been talking up
the keynote.
A lot of potential clients
are excited about it.
Okay.
Let's let the master at it.
You'll be great.
ALICIA:
Mr. Gardner.
I just wanted to say...
I'm a worthy lavwer
who needs a job.
Women are underrepresented
in this business,
and I shouldn't
be overlooked just...
Hello, Will? It's Alicia.
Do you have a minute?
(laughs)
No, really?
You did not.
I don't look anything
like those photos anymore.
(laughs)
Well, um...
you said I should call
ifI got a chance, so...
this is me calling.
JACKIE:
What are you
wearing that for?
You weren't even here.
Don't change the subject.
It's business-like.
You spent $300 on it.
Well, that's what
a good dress costs.
Your husband is wasting away
in prison
and you're trying to seduce
your way into a job.
Your son is the one
who put me here.
I have two kids.
What am I supposed to do?
No.
You like nice things.
So go be a whore.
(laughing):
I did-did do that.
(both laughing)
So...
that covers me up to last June.
Now about you?
Oh, well...
there's not much to say.
I'm a mother, a wife
and now a disgraced spouse.
I'm sorry.
No, no, no, no, that...
that wasn't self-pity,
that was me trying
to make light of it.
Oh. Uh...
I think I've lost my touch.
(laughs) No, the
touch is still there.
And now you have a new job?
Unfortunately,
it was a paralegal job.
Voluntary.
You're kidding.
Yeah... no.
I was, um, misinformed.
Well...
Have you thought about
working here?
Is there an opening here?
Well... we could.
I haven't worked in 13 years.
Are you saying
o l
y u re rusty?
No! '
No.
I'm good.
(laughs)
You've always been good.
Will, I... I'm...
My connection with
my husband hurts me.
Why are you trying
to dissuade me now?
I don't know. (laughs)
Because I'm making no sense.
Hey.
We've all got a past
that could hurt us.
Don't let yours hurt you.
(indistinct conversations)
(piano playing gentle melody)
(laughing)
CARY:
You here for the job?
I think I am.
You?
Yup.
Cary.
Excuse me.
What did you think of me
when you first met me?
Is this about your speech,
or more procrastinating?
Speech.
I liked you.
You did not.
Do you even remember
where it was?
Yeah, in reception.
Waiting for our interviews.
I thought you
were gonna get it.
And I wasn't.
I thought you were
a cocky new associate.
I was a cocky new associate.
And I thought you were entitled.
I was a little entitled.
Poor. But entitled.
Can you be both?
Oh, yeah. So...
who would you hire
if we had to hire someone today?
You.
Yeah, me, too.
(laughs)
You're supposed to
say me.
No, no.
And you wouldn't
hire yourself, either.
You're right.
I hate that about myself.
No.
It's smart.
So why did
Will hire you?
Because you're a slut.
What?
Nothing. I need to finish.
Okay.
Good luck.
ELSBETH:
Thank you, Kalinda,
that is great.
Uh, good-bye,
Ka... uh, Kalinda.
I don't know.
Um...
Yeah, I got... I got
to go, someone's here.
Uh, hello?
Elsbeth Tascioni.
How are you?
I'm good. Do I know you?
Oh, no.
But you're Nelson Dubeck from
the Office of Public Integrity.
You helped prosecute
Rod Blagojevich.
I did. Do you need something?
Yeah, I need you
to leave Will Gardner alone
or I'll sue you for harassment.
(chuckles)
Mr. Gardner should consider
how seriously I take this.
Take what?
He acquired a videotape
of a stuffed ballot box.
He brought that videotape
to the governor-elect.
And he attempted
to show it to him.
What videotape?
What is that?
That is a videotape
of three men taking a ballot box
into a polling place.
No, it looks like a...
GIF. Or is a "jif"?
GIF.
Have you ever seen the
GIF of that bear, uh,
falling onto a trampoline
and then bouncing
into a pool? It
is so funny, but
I was surprised to find out
that the pool was... faked.
All digitally futzed with.
If you're suggesting
that this videotape
was in any way manipulated...
Oh, eight bits per
pixel makes a GIF
highly manipulatable... ble.
I hope you have
the original,
because otherwise
I'm gonna object
to the jif being
admitted into court.
The governor's guilty.
How do you know that?
He's the governor of Illinois.
(laughs): And...
you think they're all corrupt?
No, they just
happen to be all corrupt.
So it doesn't matter
what the facts are,
you'll prosecute Peter
Florrick for the crime
of voter fraud?
Peter Florrick
spent six months in prison.
He's a criminal.
Who was exonerated.
No, his case
was dismissed.
So you're out
to get him.
I'm out to get a criminal.
Even if there's no proof?
I'll find the proof.
This is Elsbeth Tascioni
recording Nelson Dubeck
in the lobby
of the Harrington Plaza at...
11:33 pm.
I'd erase that, ma'am.
You did not have my permission
to make that recording,
and without that permission
you are subject to prosecution.
Oh, no, not in New York.
Two-party consent
is the law
in Illinois, but
this is New York.
One-party consent
is enough here
and I am one party.
And I give my consent.
(phone clicks off)
I suggest you leave
Mr. Gardner alone, sir.
He's a nice man.
He has no part in your vendetta
against Governor Florrick.
Oh.
By the way,
you should look
into an anti-Semitic
costumed furry bear
in Times Square.
Very few lawyers
can reach their prime
after a decade _
as a mother in suburbia,
but Alicia Florrick is...
special.
Row four, far left.
ALICIA:
Great.
Remember, say it loud
and with a smile.
People will believe
whatever you tell them.
Oh, and, uh,
Rayna Hecht is here.
It would help our cause
if you could dazzle her.
MODERATOR:
...Alicia Florrick.
DUBECK:
The governor's guilty.
ELSBETH:
How do you know that?
DUBECK:
He's the governor of Illinois.
You got him to say that?
I didn't get him
to say anything.
He wanted to say it.
If he comes after
you, we'll use it.
But he's not coming after me.
I don't think so.
Not with what he has.
Oh, you're a lifesaver.
No, no, no. (chuckles)
I'm just, um...
Got to go.
ALICIA:
And then a firm finally agreed
to meet with me.
I prepared by looking
in a mirror.
(crowd gently laughs)
It was the only interview
I could still get.
(laughter)
When you're sitting
across the desk
from someone
who can hire you,
you feel every one
of those 13 years.
But, luckily, I had
a very good interviewer.
He asked me_ if
I was up to it,
coming back to
the workplace.
The interviewer
pointed out that I was
arguing
against myself.
I should stop...
pointing out reasons
why I shouldn't be hired.
(soft laughter)
What did I learn from this?
Use everything you have
to get the job.
And don't
feel entitled.
Will Gardner.
WILL:
Just hear me out.
DIANE:
The hiring committee has voted.
WILL:
Yeah, but we shouldn't
penalize her.
Her face is on
the news 24-7.
Every political blog
is writing about her.
Wait, she wasn't the one
who slept with the hookers.
Were you involved
with this woman?
What?
You never push for
associate hires.
She was my friend.
And... the smartest person
in our class.
Give me something I can
sell to the other partners.
WILL: _
There's a lavwer I'm trying
to bring on board, but
I'm getting some push back.
I need you to put
a dossier together on her.
Okay. Who is she?
Alicia Florrick.
Peter Florrick's wife?
Yeah. Why?
Nothing.
(applause)
ALICIA:
Of course, the advantage of
being a woman opting back in
is that no_one
ever questioned
why you opted out
in the first place.
(crowd laughs softly)
Women are cut
little slack on this.
Men, even less.
KALINDA:
I looked into Alicia Florrick.
I spoke to her old firm.
She managed to win
a couple dozen cases
before taking
her maternity leave.
Even managed to bring in
some small clients.
But?
They were
about to fire her.
They thought
she wasn't tough enough.
She never knew,
but they said
shelacked
a killer instinct.
What do you want me
to do with this?
Bury it.
ALICIA:
The one upside
to a scandal or a
tragedy in your life
is that it is the best
kind of wake-up call.
Would I have done it
any differently if I were a man?
Would I have...
Uh, would I have done...
I mean, uh...
Uh, would I have felt
differently if I were a man?
CARY (whispers):
What's going on?
Lindler just launched
a hostile takeover
of MRG Pharmaceuticals.
Everybody wants
to get in on it.
Excuse me.
The answer is I would
never do it differently.
The key is to raise
your profile.
Opt-out moms are held
to a higher standard
than anyone else.
We... have to work harder.
We have to make up
for lost time.
*
Uh, is there any other...?
I'm almost finished.
I won't bother you.
Scotch, no ice.
They only have beer.
Been
*
It's hard
to get drunk on beer.
Mm, you just got
to try harder.
WOMAN:
Yeah, yeah.
She doesn't like me,
and I don't give a flying crap.
(laughing):
Flying crap.
Go to hell.
Is that better?
You're in a bad mood.
I just had 300 people
walk out on me.
It looked like 400.
*
Why do you hate me?
Hmm.
Well, I don't like you.
Hate's probably
too strong.
Why?
Are you serious?
Because of that?
Three weeks. Three_ weeks
you were scheming.
That wasn't my fault.
I wanted to leave
right away.
With our clients.
Wow. It just never ends.
Don't ask the question if
you don't want the answer.
What?
We could never make it work.
You're linking two things
together I never did.
(bangs loudly)
Thanks a lot.
You want to say
"bitch," say "bitch."
Bitch.
So,
you're saying that if I were
any other partner leaving,
you would hate me
the way you do?
I'm saying,
if you were any other partner,
I'd be as unhappy
and competitive as I am now.
I don't believe you.
That's your right.
You're enjoying
your pain too much.
Yup.
*
So, you're gonna fight me
on every client, every case?
I will be your competitor.
You're up for it.
You're a big girl.
Okay.
I guess it's something.
Mm. It's something.
*
(ringtone plays)
Yes.
CARY:
Where are you? Can you talk?
I'm in the coffee shop
across the street.
And no.
Someone's sitting near you?
Yes.
(Cary sighs)
Rayna Hecht was impressed
with your speech.
She wants to meet.
Uh... when?
Now. She's leaving
early tomorrow.
Now?
I-I've had a few.
Few?
Nothing. Uh, where?
In the lounge. She wants
to have a quick drink with us.
Great.
A meeting?
A very important meeting.
How to destroy our competitors.
Good. I expect no less.
May the best man win.
*
(loud crowd chatter)
Mr. Gardner?
Yes?
We've never met.
Jim Moody.
I used to work...
I know who you are.
I need five minutes
of your time.
No.
Please.
Look, this guy
from Justice, Dubeck--
he's turning the screws on me.
Listen to me.
You and I are_both witnesses
in a grand jury hearing.
Legally, we cannot talk
to each other.
I just want to make sure you and
I are telling the same story.
Did you hear
what I just said?
I only did what Eli Gold told me
to do that night.
I don't care.
You stay the hell away from me,
or I'll call security.
Five minutes isn't much time, so
just keep it all bullet points.
I'll talk about firm culture,
and Alicia...
I will handle
women-friendly policies,
and crapital structure.
Our what?
Capital structure.
You said "crapital."
No, I didn't.
Mrs. Florrick,
are you inebriated?
I'll be fine.
Oh, dear God.
Okay, all right.
Well, let-let us just talk,
and then, you just go ahead...
Hello. Oh, don't get up.
Don't get up. Please.
I'm so sorry for blowing
you off earlier.
And don't say I
didn't, because I did.
Ah, Mrs. Florrick. Hello.
Hello.
Powerful speech.
And I'm sorry so many of
our colleagues had to miss it.
Thank you.
So we wanted to talk
about our firm. We're just
getting started, but we
read your article...
I'll be honest.
I like you guys. I do.
And I do intend to decide
within the next 48 hours.
_ And I'm interested
in your firm because you
have female partners.
CLARKE:
Yes, we try not
to discriminate,
in promotion at all.
Good.
Were you unhappy
at Lockhart/Gardner?
Oh, I... um, I was happy
up to a point.
They... uh, let me grow.
They let me...
...learn.
And then, I had to put
what I learned on its feet.
CARY:
And that's what we're doing
at Florrick-Agos, so,
Clarke, why don't you just...
you go ahead and talk
about the, um...
Yes, our, uh,
crapital structure.
(sighs)
Capital. Capital structure.
What do you want, Alicia?
What do I want?
Yes. What do you want?
I want a happy life,
and I want to control my fate.
Hmm.
Thank you, gentlemen.
Alicia.
Good talking to you.
Was that a good thing?
How were you supposed to answer?
Oh.
(singing off-key):
* Just what makes
that little old ant *
* Think he'll move
that rubber tree plant *
* Anyone knows an ant can't
* Move a rubber tree plant
'cause he's got *
* High hopes
* He's got high hopes
* He's got...
Ms. Tascioni,
don't take this the wrong way,
but you have an awful voice.
(laughs)
I know.
I know, but this city--
it inspires me.
Really? I find
it makes me sweat.
(laughs)
I'm gonna treat us
to some more little drinks.
I'm old-fashioned, Ms. Tascioni.
I'll treat.
No, no, no.
I'm having a good day.
I just landed
a new partnerI met.
We're starting
a two-woman firm.
My I ask your partner's name?
Rayna Hecht.
(phone buzzing)
Oh, excuse me. Buzzy, buzz.
(buzzing continues)
Oh. (gasps)
I got to go. I'm sorry.
(plays discordant keys)
Please excuse
the cramped quarters.
What's going on?
From the start, Wayne.
That is you
and Jimmy Moody conversing
in private, Mr. Gardner.
Look, there was no conversing.
I told him
to stay away.
Will.
Well, to a grand jury,
it's going to look like
two witnesses conspiring to
cover up election fraud.
That's ten years
in federal prison.
(laughs)
You can't be serious.
The best part, Ms. Tascioni, is
this is the original
surveillance video.
The chain of custody is perfect
and unimpeachable in court.
You cut a deal with Moody?
Mr. Gardner, you still have
to see the forest
through the trees.
I'm not interested in you.
I want Peter Florrick.
All you have to do
is testify against him.
We'll think about it.
You have 48 hours.
My plane lands at 9:00 am.
I'll see you at home?
Love you.
Hi, Ms. Florrick.
Lorainne Joy
from Clements & Holloway.
You came in for an interview
a few years ago?
Of course. Ms. Joy. Hello.
Lorraine, please.
I head your speech last night.
It was terrific.
Thank you.
Listen,
I know you've got
your own shop now,
but we were wondering
if you could come in for a chat,
see if we could convince you
to maybe come work for us?
Oh, thank you,
but I'm happy where I am.
Okay.
Well, maybe down the road.
(laughs softly)
WILL:
You're hired.
I...
What?
First year associate.
You start on Monday.
(laughs)
My God, I thought
you were going to say,
"Sorry, the position is filled."
Nope. You're stuck with us.
Now you have to impress us.
I can do that.
Will, thank you.
I-I know you didn't have to.
Alicia, when I'm broke
and lying in an alley somewhere,
do something nice for me.
Okay. Promise.
Good. Now start reading up
on contract law.
On my way.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org